# Youkrid.github.io
Intership project : Development of numerical tools for the simulation of vibrating doors in driving busses in Julia.
The objective of this internship is to contribute to the collaboration between TU Delft and Ventura described at https://github.com/ziolai/ventura-modeling. The goal more specifically is to take part in the development of numerical tools for the simulation of vibrating doors in driving busses. Such tools will allow Ventura to improve the design of their products.  The project requires the numerical simulation of the bus doors and its suspension-and-drive mechanism. This mechanical assembly can be described as a set of bars, frames and plates that are interconnected by a set of joints, springs and dampers. When subjected to a load, the door frame and the suspension bars can deform elastically. Various commercial and public domain codes for the simulation of flexible interconnected structures do exist. The project, however, has adopted the Julia programming language for its ease of use and speed of execution. Currently, no finite element code for the simulation of flexible multi-body dynamics is publicly available. In this internship, we assume that parts of assembly do not deform. The mechanism can thus be described as a rigid multi-body mechanism. Such mechanisms can be described using the package RigidBodySim.jl, its dependencies and related tools. The goal is to describe the motion of the bus door in RigidBodySim.jl. A hierarchy of models of the geometry of the bus door will be constructed and stored as Unified Robot Description Format (UDRF) files. In simplified version, the door can be represented as a bar or plate attached to the reference frame by springs and dampers. The numerical simulation of the orbit of the various parts of the assembly will be performed using the DifferentialEquations.jl package. The longer term goal of this project is to describe the oblique outward motion of the door.The project foresees weekly progress meetings with the supervisor (D. Lahaye). Emphasis will be given to a written progress report written as a Jupiter notebook for the Julia programming language and published on the github directory of the student. 
